feat: add an example for using `TypedContract` with smart contracts (#2787)
near/docs: docs/tools/near-api.md

  <TabItem value="js" label="🌐 JavaScript">

  Once you've [created an `Account` instance](#instantiate-account), you can start interacting with smart contracts.

>   The newest and the most convenient way to interact with contracts is the `TypedContract` class. It provides full type safety for method names, arguments, and return values, especially when used together with an ABI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The most convenient way to interact with contracts is the `TypedContract` class. It provides full type safety for method names, arguments, and return values, especially when used together with an ABI.
```

>   For example, let’s say there’s a [Guestbook](/tutorials/examples/guest-book#testing-the-contract) contract deployed at `guestbook.near-examples.testnet`, and you want to add a message to it. To do that, you’d call its `add_message` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, lets say there is a [Guestbook](/tutorials/examples/guest-book#testing-the-contract) contract deployed at `guestbook.near-examples.testnet`, and you want to add a message to it. To do that, you’d call its `add_message` method.
```
